README.md, before:

Unobtrusively notify users when mod updates are available

Notify doesn't spam messages in the Minecraft chat, it simply adds a small button to the main menu that can tell you what mods need updating. It also logs information to the console for server owners.

# Mod Authors

There are multiple ways you can support Notify. If you want to 'set and forget', I recommend using the `gradle.properties` or Modrinth/CurseForge API options.

## Using a JSON File:

Inside your `fabric.mod.json`, add a new key under the `custom` field:
  ```json
  "custom": {
      "notify_version_url": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JamCoreModding/Meta/main/data/mod_versions.json"
  }
  ```
  
  The URL should link directly to a JSON file (if you are using GitHub to host as I am doing above, make sure you use the raw link) that follows the schema documented below. The URL above is a good example to follow. I recommend hosting it on a simple GitHub repository as I am doing.

#### JSON 'Schema'

The JSON file you link for Notify to use should follow this format:

```json
{
    "your_first_mods_id": {
        "1.16.5": "1.0.5", # The latest version for 1.16.5
        "*": "1.0.6" # The version to use if the specific Minecraft version is not specified
    },
    "your_second_mods_id": {
        "*": "0.0.1"
    }
}
```

If you do not provide a version for a specific Minecraft version, Notify will use the version specified using the wildcard operator (`*`).
If you haven't specified a version or a wildcard version, or if there is a different failure, Notify logs the error in the console but does not obstruct the user.

### Using a Gradle Properties File:

To use a `gradle.properties` file, you must set two different values in your `fabric.mod.json`:

```json
"custom": {
    "notify_gradle_properties_url": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JamCoreModding/Notify/main/gradle.properties",
    "notify_gradle_properties_key": "mod_version"
  }
```

The values shown above link to this mods `gradle.properties` file, and use `mod_version` as the key. For example, this is the file:

```gradle.properties
#Mod properties
mod_version=1.1.0
maven_group=io.github.jamalam360
archives_base_name=notify
```

In this instance, using the above config, Notify would find `1.1.0` as the version.

Using `gradle.properties` is ideal if you update that file whenever you update your mod anyway.

### Using the Modrinth/CurseForge API

Currently, only the Modrinth API is supported, but I am working on the CurseForge API. To use this method you must simply have the `homepage` field in your `fabric.mod.json` set to the URL of your mod on Modrinth or CurseForge:

```json
"contact": {
    "homepage": "your-modrinth-url"
  }
```

Notify will automatically get the latest version of the mod available on Modrinth or CurseForge.

### _That's it!_

Your mod now supports Notify, it's that easy!
When Fabric is launched, Notify will get all the mods that have support and parse their versions and check that against the version entered in their `fabric.mod.json`.
It then adds a badge against their mod on modmenu to show if they are up-to-date or not:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/56727311/142062258-a45cfb28-7b87-4fa7-a170-cc915735be40.png)

Commit message:

Update README.md to add dependencies

README.md, after:

Unobtrusively notify users when mod updates are available

Notify doesn't spam messages in the Minecraft chat, it simply adds a small button to the main menu that can tell you what mods need updating. It also logs information to the console for server owners.

# Dependencies

- Fabric loader >= 0.12.5 (the version API of FLoader was updated in 0.12.5, Notify uses the new API)
- Mod Menu (to add update badges to mods)
- Cloth Config API (for configuration)

# Mod Authors

There are multiple ways you can support Notify. If you want to 'set and forget', I recommend using the `gradle.properties` or Modrinth/CurseForge API options.

## Using a JSON File:

Inside your `fabric.mod.json`, add a new key under the `custom` field:
  ```json
  "custom": {
      "notify_version_url": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JamCoreModding/Meta/main/data/mod_versions.json"
  }
  ```
  
  The URL should link directly to a JSON file (if you are using GitHub to host as I am doing above, make sure you use the raw link) that follows the schema documented below. The URL above is a good example to follow. I recommend hosting it on a simple GitHub repository as I am doing.

#### JSON 'Schema'

The JSON file you link for Notify to use should follow this format:

```json
{
    "your_first_mods_id": {
        "1.16.5": "1.0.5", # The latest version for 1.16.5
        "*": "1.0.6" # The version to use if the specific Minecraft version is not specified
    },
    "your_second_mods_id": {
        "*": "0.0.1"
    }
}
```

If you do not provide a version for a specific Minecraft version, Notify will use the version specified using the wildcard operator (`*`).
If you haven't specified a version or a wildcard version, or if there is a different failure, Notify logs the error in the console but does not obstruct the user.

### Using a Gradle Properties File:

To use a `gradle.properties` file, you must set two different values in your `fabric.mod.json`:

```json
"custom": {
    "notify_gradle_properties_url": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JamCoreModding/Notify/main/gradle.properties",
    "notify_gradle_properties_key": "mod_version"
  }
```

The values shown above link to this mods `gradle.properties` file, and use `mod_version` as the key. For example, this is the file:

```gradle.properties
#Mod properties
mod_version=1.1.0
maven_group=io.github.jamalam360
archives_base_name=notify
```

In this instance, using the above config, Notify would find `1.1.0` as the version.

Using `gradle.properties` is ideal if you update that file whenever you update your mod anyway.

### Using the Modrinth/CurseForge API

Currently, only the Modrinth API is supported, but I am working on the CurseForge API. To use this method you must simply have the `homepage` field in your `fabric.mod.json` set to the URL of your mod on Modrinth or CurseForge:

```json
"contact": {
    "homepage": "your-modrinth-url"
  }
```

Notify will automatically get the latest version of the mod available on Modrinth or CurseForge.

### _That's it!_

Your mod now supports Notify, it's that easy!
When Fabric is launched, Notify will get all the mods that have support and parse their versions and check that against the version entered in their `fabric.mod.json`.
It then adds a badge against their mod on modmenu to show if they are up-to-date or not:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/56727311/142062258-a45cfb28-7b87-4fa7-a170-cc915735be40.png)
